1- Explain a situation where you have had an ethical decision to make. Discuss how you weighed up the values involved in that decision, the decision you made and the consequences of the action you took.
    Playing basketball with pals, broke the hoop, had to convince them to come with me and talk to the school and tell them what happened.
    Thankfully they weren't too upset, and due to our honesty we didn't actually have any consequences.

2- Describe how your culture has influenced your values and identity.  
    My values were strong at this young age - I always felt that if you do something wrong the best and next course of action is to own up to it.


3- Describe how your culture has influenced your values and identity.
    I have always found that I can get along with any person, I do not judge people on how they look. 
    This may have something to do with my mixed lineage, though I think it has more to do with my experiences at a young age.
    I have always enjoyed looking a little different, and enjoyed noticing peoples looks of judgment all while having the confidence
    in myself to know that their judgments are biased and superficial.
    I also love to talk to these people as they generally find this out very quickly.

4- Evaluate your strengths and limitations in terms of your learning and career development
    I am worried that my confidence may lead me astray sometimes. However, I am never worried to make a mistake, and love having my
    mistakes pointed out (preferably in a nice way) in order for me to learn more.

5- Identify which of your strengths might help you in your learning journey and how they might intersect with learning obstacles.
    My willingness to dive in and try, regardless of whether or not I have the necessary knowledge can both work out good or bad.
    Usually it identifies quickly for me exactly where it is that I need to improve.

6- Share an example from your experience of where you were trying to work productively with others, but there was resistance or tension. Discuss the strategies you used at that time, how effective they were, and your reflections on what other strategies you would try now, and why.
    My latest experience working with others was running a stocktake for my branch of Turner's Cars. It was an incredibly 
    frustrating process as Turner's had just put us through a system migration, and not provided any proper training to myself or 
    to other staff doing stocktake for their branch. I had to adapt quickly, learn the new software, and talk multiple yard
    managers through the processes they needed to learn and start doing on a day to day basis. 
    Throughout this process, I discovered that the system we had been migrated to did not provide the information our company needed
    for our cars. That is why I have dived back into the programming world; I have an understanding of what their program needs, and
    will soon have an understanding of how to make that happen.
